DBZ-6256 Add `log.mining.flush.table.name` Oracle config option (#4500)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/oracle.adoc

|Specifies a value,  in milliseconds, that the connector compares to the difference between the current and previous SCN timestamps  to determine whether an SCN gap exists.
If the difference between the timestamps is less than the specified value, and the SCN delta is greater than xref:oracle-property-log-mining-scn-gap-detection-gap-size-min[`log.mining.scn.gap.detection.gap.size.min`], then an SCN gap is detected and the connector uses a mining window larger than the configured maximum batch.

|[[oracle-property-log-mining-flush-table-name]]<<oracle-property-log-mining-flush-table-name, `+log.mining.flush.table.name+`>>
|`LOG_MINING_FLUSH`

> |Specifies the table name of the flush table used to coordinate flushing the Oracle LogWriter Buffer (LGWR) to the redo logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Specifies the name of the flush table that coordinates flushing the Oracle LogWriter Buffer (LGWR) to the redo logs.
```
